feat(lint): implement `useIterableCallbackReturn` rule (#5754)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/many-rockets-flow.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

Added the new rule [`useIterableCallbackReturn`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-iterable-callback-return), which enforces consistent return values in iterable callbacks.

> The following methods require a return in their callback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods require a return value in their callback:
```

- `every`
- `filter`
- `find`
- `findIndex`
- `findLast`
- `findLastIndex`
- `flatMap`
- `map`
- `reduce`
- `reduceRight`
- `some`
- `sort`
- `toSorted`
— `from` (when called on `Array`)

> Method `forEach` do not require the callback to return a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule disallows a return value inside the callback of the method `forEach`.
```

Examples:

```js
[].map(() => {
    // Missing return value
});
```

```js
[].forEach(() => {

>     return 1; // Not required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return 1; // Disallowed 
```

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Added the new rule [`useIterableCallbackReturn`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-iterable-callback-return), which enforces consistent return values in iterable callbacks.

Reviewer: When implementing new features, we want to talk a bit more about them. In this particular case, we want to list all the iterable callbacks, and provide at least an example that shows when the rule is triggered

Author: Done
